Adding special actions and clicks (#6757)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/actions.md

**Note**: The default timeout for each step is approximately 60 seconds. You can override the timeout with [advanced options][2].

## Click

[Datadog’s extension][4] automatically records clicks on your page. 

> You can specify the type of click you want your browser test to perform at execution by selecting the click type of interest on your step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the type of click you want your browser test to perform at execution time:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/browser_test_click_step.mp4" alt="Browser Test Click Step" video="true" width="60%">}}

> Choose between:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose from:
```

> You can choose between:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose between:
```

> * Primary click (left) which corresponds to a left click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Primary click (corresponds to a left click)
```

* Double click

> * Contextual click (right click)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contextual click (corresponds to a right click)
```

* Go to an email and click on a link. This step allows you to access your Synthetics mail inbox after creating an [email variable][3].
* Choose the email you are interested in and click the link you want your browser test to click on.

## Special Actions

> Most of the actions are recorded using our extension. Some actions are however not recorded automatically and you therefore need to explicitly add a step about it using the **Special Actions** menu located at the top left hand corner of the recorder.

Reviewer 2: We should put a link here to the extension:

```suggestion
Most of the actions are recorded using the provided Datadog extension. Some actions are however not recorded automatically and you need to explicitly add a step for them using the **Special Actions** menu located at the top left hand corner of the recorder.
```

### Hover

This browser test step isn’t added through an actual hovering mechanism (otherwise each element you are hovering would be added as a step) but using a dedicated action with a click.

After selecting the Hover action, click on the element you want to choose to create a new step.

### Press Key

> You can simulate users entering keystrokes using **Press Key** steps. The below keys can be recorded using our extension:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can simulate users entering keystrokes using **Press Key** steps. The keys below can be recorded using Datadog extension:
```

* Enter

> * Arrows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Arrows (up, down, right, and left)
```

* Tab (outside a form)
* Escape 
* Backspace

> If you need your browser test to press keys that are not being automatically recorded, you can leverage the **Press Key** special action and specify which values need to be pressed in the value box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need your browser test to press keys that are not being automatically recorded, specify which values need to be pressed in the value box of the  **Press Key** special action:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/browser_test_press_key.png" alt="Browser Test Press Key"  style="width:60%;">}}

The below modifiers can also be applied to the inputted value:

* Alt
* Control
* Meta
* Shift

### Scroll

Your browser test automatically scrolls to the element it needs to interact with. In most cases you consequently do not need to add a manual scroll. The scroll step should only be added when needed to trigger an additional network request such as an infinite scroll.

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/browser_test_scroll_step.png" alt="Browser Test Scroll Step"  style="width:60%;">}}

You need to specify the number of pixels your browser test should scroll vertically or horizontally.

> By default, our scroll step will scroll on the whole page. If you however need to scroll a specific element (for instance a specific div), you can leverage the **Target Element** option in order to select the element you want your browser test to scroll at test execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the test scroll step scrolls on the whole page. If you need to scroll to a specific element (for instance a specific `<div>`), use the **Target Element** option to select the element you want your browser test to scroll at.
```

* Go to an email and click on a link. This step allows you to access your Synthetics mail inbox after creating an [email variable][3].
* Choose the email you are interested in and click the link you want your browser test to click on.

## Special Actions

> Most of the actions are recorded using [the provided Datadog extension][4]. Some actions are however not recorded automatically and you need to explicitly add a step for them using the **Special Actions** menu located at the top left-hand corner of the recorder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The provided Datadog extension][4] records most actions. However, some actions—such as hover, press key, and scroll—are not recorded automatically. Explicitly add a step for them using the **Special Actions** menu located at the top left-hand corner of the recorder.
```

### Hover

This browser test step isn’t added through an actual hovering mechanism (otherwise each element you are hovering would be added as a step) but using a dedicated action with a click.

After selecting the Hover action, click on the element you want to choose to create a new step.

> ### Press Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Press key
```

> You can simulate users entering keystrokes using **Press Key** steps. The keys below can be recorded using [Datadog extension][4]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simulate users entering keystrokes using **Press Key** steps. The keys below can be recorded using the [Datadog extension][4]:
```

* Enter
* Arrows (up, down, right, and left)
* Tab (outside a form)
* Escape 
* Backspace

> To press keys that are not being automatically recorded, specify which values need to be pressed in the value box of the  **Press Key** special action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To press keys that are not being automatically recorded, specify which values need to be pressed in the value box of the **Press Key** special action:
```

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/browser_test_press_key.png" alt="Browser Test Press Key"  style="width:60%;">}}

The below modifiers can also be applied to the inputted value:

* Alt
* Control
* Meta
* Shift

### Scroll

> Your browser test automatically scrolls to the element it needs to interact with. In most cases you consequently do not need to add a manual scroll. The scroll step should only be added when needed to trigger an additional network request such as an infinite scroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your browser test automatically scrolls to the element it needs to interact with. Consequently, in most cases, you do not need to manually add a scroll step. The scroll step should only be added when needed to trigger an additional network request, such as in an infinite scroll.
```
